HW-1/readme.md, before:

# Jacob Williams 51

## The work I did for this homework cycle...
Naturally as the first week of class, this week was pretty simple.  All I had to do was create a single-page, static-site, that briefly describes me.  I had to take some time to review what I did in my past web deign classes, but as soon as everything came back to me

## Work Process/ Cycle
My strategy for this week was simple.  I started out by reading over all the lesson's contents at least once. Then I jumped right into my assignment.  Then I would work a little bit of free time where I could work on my homework, and if I got stuck on something during the work process, I would go over the site contents again to make sure I am getting everything right.  And finally, I looked over my work on multiple devices to make sure everything is running a-okay.

`As I was working, I also had to review on some things I learned in the past like; RWD (Responsive Web Design), div classes, margins and paddings, etc.`

## Class Issues
I actually did not have any issues at all for this week.

As for some of my other classmates...

`This is gonna happen a lot this semester, just as a heads up.`

## Weekly Conclusion
Overall (even though I know that this is not going to be a cakewalk), I am looking forward to this class.

Commit message:

Homework - Week 1 Final Update
Just finishing up writing my ReadMe before I turn everything in.

HW-1/readme.md, after:

# Jacob Williams 50

## The work I did for this homework cycle...
Naturally as the first week of class, this week was pretty simple.  All I had to do was create a single-page, static-site, that briefly describes me.  I had to take some time to review what I learned in my past web deign classes, but as soon as everything came back to me, everything just went like, WHOOSH!

## Work Process/ Cycle
My strategy for this week was simple.  I started out by reading over all the lesson's contents at least once. Then I jumped right into my assignment.  Then I would make a little bit of free time where I could work on my homework, and if I got stuck on something during the work process, I would go over the site contents again to make sure I am doing everything correctly.  And finally, I looked over my work on multiple devices to make sure everything is running a-okay.

`As I was working, I also had to review on some things I learned in the past like; RWD (Responsive Web Design), div classes, margins and paddings, etc.`

## Class Issues
I actually did not have any issues at all for this week.

As for some of my other classmates.  @sUMmermixon was having trouble linking her site to her CSS style sheet.  Technically, someone else helped her out with that, but I helped by supporting the response.

`This is gonna happen a lot this semester, just as a heads up.`

## Weekly Conclusion
Overall (even though I know that this is not going to be a cakewalk), I am looking forward to diving further into this class.
